that was a great team with defense great
job offense we did good at points Billy
rushed for over 200 yards
congratulations bring it down on this
game guys one thing that we learned and
we continue to learn to never give up
always protect your floor days because
that's what's most important so we're
the bunch of war daddy it was a play
that we practice all week in practice
but that was the first time we seen it
that you know in this game and it was
that all the time and then no I had to
just just sink back and then seen the
ball in the air i thought i had a pic
and then i went up and then it was a
deflection both of us wind up meeting
cars are running to the ball made of
play yeah i mean how hard is to run to
the ball oh it's always important to
start always have some of the ball but
Adrian made the play there he made a
great play on the ball and I ended up
just being in the spot to make the play
on and finish it so really this way
Dawson we'd enjoy it for a little bit
and uh move on to next week bill 36
carries 200 watt a talk
it was amazing all the credit goes it
offers a lot he did a good job up front
and they allowed me to get the creases I
was looking for and I'm all credit goes
to them how important was this winter
day it was definitely important to get
us back on track and you know it's a
long season I'm still got games ahead
that we need to focus on talked about
being resilient all the time over the
course of the game over time you needed
to tribes um you know coming into the
game we want to run the ball and going
down the stretch of the game we had some
mistakes but I'm we fought through being
a resiliency in that we are a dumb cop
came up with a big play and hack made it
through we just my coat sir barnes
favorite play I just had a post you know
it was put safety so I just go ahead to
get past the linebacker and just look
for the ball and hack through it right
on time right right to the body news is
a perfect way to end the game everybody
talks about how easily of this group its
highs and lows of the course of the game
but come over time you needed a
touchdown and you got to talk about that
drive I mean that's something that we
practice I mean we do situational
football all the time and it just goes
to show you that on the stuff that we're
doing the practices on turn on converted
to games I think it's this win for
confidence hanging in the Minnesota mill
is a big one we definitely needed to get
this for just to get back on our feet
get back in the win column and we're
gonna come back on Monday I'm getting
ready for Minnesota uh you know that's a
play that we run a lot we thrown like I
think two or three touchdowns on that
play this year so already so
you know we have been looking for that
propos that's our first read and you
know Casey ran a great route opened up
not just stuck it in there there's good
good resiliency yeah I mean you know
obviously you've seen it Michigan UCF
even though we came up short that game
and you know now you know we were
struggling we hit a lull there and then
you know we were able to turn it on and
you know win the game I think it's great
for the team for us to get this team
when I mean be perfectly honest we made
some mistakes on offense defense but
just to be able to come together and
work to win the football game that's
something that we should really take
pride in and come Monday we're going to
go we're going to look at the film we're
going to work to make our mistakes
because we have for football games left
we're working hard for every single one
what can you say about the belt 36
carries 201 yards Smith Billy Beane
makes us look good he did a fantastic
job i'm proud to have him as my money
back